[Registration and Login](/registerandlogin)

Delete account

# Delete Account

Please note that some data generated by the account (e.g. activity logs and transaction history) may be retained. You can view [Webshare Privacy Policy (opens in a new tab)](https://www.webshare.io/privacy-policy) for more information on how your data is processed by Webshare.

This endpoint deletes your Webshare account.

## Delete Account Request

This API endpoint requires a recaptcha validation. This means that you should not be using this API endpoint programmatically and only use it from the Webshare Dashboard.
    
    
    POST https://proxy.webshare.io/api/v2/deleteaccount/

Parameter| Type| Description  
---|---|---  
`password`| `string`| Password of the user.  
`recaptcha`| `string`| The recaptcha token (can be invisible recaptcha).  
  
If request is successful, the API deletes the user. A successful request returns 204 response

### Request & Response

PythonJavascriptcURL

delete_account.py
    
    
    import requests
     
    response = requests.post(
    "https://proxy.webshare.io/api/v2/deleteaccount/",
    json={
    "password": "newpassword1234",
    "recaptcha": "..."
    },
    headers={"Authorization": "Token APIKEY"}
    )
    assert response.status_code == 204
     

the above command returns empty response with `204 No Content`
    
    
    HTTP/1.1 204 No Content

### Account deleted

If your account is deleted, all API requests will start returning the `403 Forbidden` status with the following error message.
    
    
    HTTP/1.1 403 Forbidden
     
    {
      "detail": "Your account is deleted.",
      "code": "account_deleted"
    }

Two factor auth[Delete social account](/registerandlogin/delete-social-account "Delete social account")
